you're given a list of numbers from 1 to a million and there's a missing number. You're only allowed to traverse the list once. find the missing number

sorted? what size? 1 1 2 3 4 5 no dupes

first I said to traverse it and then subtract the number from the previous one and if it's greater than 1 then that number - 1 is the missing one.
this is the answer

then I said something that didn't make sense

and then he asked for something else and I couldn't think of anything and he was like so you've said to go through the list, how else can you look at it.

So I said you could add them together and take the number that it should be and subtract it from the number you get and that should be your missing number

you have a list from 1 to 10 
[1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
find the missing one

he just kept asking me for different ways to do it

(1 + 10) * 10 / 2 = 55 - 50 = 5

so then he asked this... which now doesn't seem so bad and I feel really stupid

you're given 3 buckets
one has apples
one has oranges
one has a mixture of both

each bucket is labeled what's inside of it except the labels are on the wrong bucket
labeled: apple apple orange
inside:  orange mixed apple     if you pick the first and get an apple, then its mixed
inide:  mixed orange apple      if you pick the first and get an orange

labeled: apple   mixed   orange
possib:  mixed   orange  apple
possib:  orange  apple   mixed

you can't see what's inside the buckets but you get to pick one thing out of a single bucket.
from doing this tell me what is in each bucket.

this took me forever it seemed like and a ton of my just stuttering to myself :(

you have to pick something out of the bucket labeled "mixed"
if you choose an apple then apple is orange, orange is mixed

yeah so that was like terrible for an easy question. I couldn't keep track of everything in my head so like i'm sure he thought I was retarded. I wish I was smarter :(

I ran into Alex after it and told him and he was like oh yeah everyone feels shitty with that guy so I guess at least I'm not the only one
